profile/README.md, before:

# LabFREED Building Blocks by ApiniLabs
Many concerns of software for laboratories should be solved on a per lab instead of a per vendor base, which is why ApiniLabs is contributing building blocks needed for its own product to the LabFREED initiative.

# Published Building Blocks

[PAC-ID](https://github.com/ApiniLabs/PAC-ID)

[PAC-ID Resolver](https://github.com/ApiniLabs/PAC-ID-Resolver)

[TREX](https://github.com/ApiniLabs/T-REX)


## LabFREED Contribution Guidelines

### 🪲Issues With the Specification
Issues with the current specifications (typos, minor clarifications) should be reported in the repository of building block, here on GitHub.
If you want you can make the changes yourself and submit a pull request.

### 🔭 Conceptual Discussions About the Evolution of LabFREED
- aspects which are not covered by the specifications yet
- ideas for new building blocks
Should be discussed on the [LabFREED discord server](https://discord.com/channels/1310610381986861106/1397855572124110848)


# Resources
[Introduction to LabFREED](https://labfreed.org/)
[Tools and Tutorials](https://labfreed.org/resources/)
[Help by the Community](https://discord.com/channels/1310610381986861106/1369542804228935731)
[Showcase of Projects by the Communit](https://discord.com/channels/1310610381986861106/1399270960569253920)




<!--
[PAC-CAT](https://github.com/ApiniLabs/PAC-CAT)
[Attributes](https://github.com/ApiniLabs/PAC-Attributes)
-->

Commit message:

help and support chapter and discord invite links

profile/README.md, after:

# LabFREED Building Blocks by ApiniLabs
Many concerns of software for laboratories should be solved on a per lab instead of a per vendor base, which is why ApiniLabs is contributing building blocks needed for its own product to the LabFREED initiative.

# Published Building Blocks

[PAC-ID](https://github.com/ApiniLabs/PAC-ID)

[PAC-ID Resolver](https://github.com/ApiniLabs/PAC-ID-Resolver)

[TREX](https://github.com/ApiniLabs/T-REX)


## LabFREED Contribution Guidelines

### 🪲 Reporting Issues with the Specification
If you encounter any issues with the current specifications, please report them directly in the relevant building block repository here on GitHub.  
Feeling proactive? You're welcome to propose changes by submitting a pull request.

### 🔭 Conceptual Discussions: Shaping the Future of LabFREED
Have ideas that go beyond the current specs? Want to brainstorm new building blocks or explore uncharted territory?  
Join the conversation on the [LabFREED Discord server](https://discord.com/invite/bxAghUAHFE).

### 🤝 Help and Support
Need assistance or want to connect with fellow contributors?  
LabFREED thrives on community-powered support. Head over to our [Discord server](https://discord.com/invite/bxAghUAHFE) to ask questions, share insights, and get help from experienced members.



# Resources
[Introduction to LabFREED](https://labfreed.org/)
[Tools and Tutorials](https://labfreed.org/resources/)
[Community Hub](https://discord.com/invite/bxAghUAHFE)
[Showcase of Projects by the Community](https://discord.com/channels/1310610381986861106/1399270960569253920)




<!--
[PAC-CAT](https://github.com/ApiniLabs/PAC-CAT)
[Attributes](https://github.com/ApiniLabs/PAC-Attributes)
-->
